Add an option to filter out preview aks releases when fetching versions (#5662)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/kubernetes_service_versions.html.markdown

* `version_prefix` - (Optional) A prefix filter for the versions of Kubernetes which should be returned; for example `1.` will return `1.9` to `1.14`, whereas `1.12` will return `1.12.2`.

> * `include_preview` - (Optional) Default: `true` Set to `false` to exclude preview

Reviewer: can we make this:

```suggestion
* `include_preview` - (Optional) Should Preview versions of Kubernetes in AKS be included? Defaults to `true`
```

To match other resources?

versions of Kubernetes from the version results.

## Attributes Reference

* `versions` - The list of all supported versions.

> * `latest_version` - The most recent version available. If `include_preview == false`, this is the most recent non-preview version available.

Reviewer: can we make this:

```suggestion
* `latest_version` - The most recent version available. If `include_preview == false`, this is the most recent non-preview version available.
```
